[github.io] Convert acle rst to md (#134)
ARM-software/acle: main/acle.md

---
title: Arm C Language Extensions
version: Development version based on 2021Q3
date-of-issue: TBD
# LaTeX specific variables

> copyright-text: Copyright © 2020-2021, Arm Limited and its affiliates. All rights reserved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
copyright-text: Copyright 2011-2021 Arm Limited and/or its affiliates <open-source-office@arm.com>.
```

>   - Vector types for use with the Advanced SIMD intrinsics (see
>     [ssec-vectypes](#vector-data-types)).

> >   - The ``\_\_fp16`` type for 16-bit

Reviewer: Nice, but as you can see in [this rendering](https://github.com/ValeriaDaneva/acle/blob/github.io-convert-acle-rst-to-md/main/acle.md#data-types), we need to get rid of all the extra slash symbols. This should render as `__fp16`, not as `\_\_fp16`. This is true also for `\<` and `\>` I have seen used in other places.

Also, to render typewrite font, all you need is to wrap it in single `, not double

Whether the underlying type of an enumeration is minimal or at least
32-bit, is implementation-defined. The predefined macro
``\_\_ARM\_SIZEOF\_MINIMAL\_ENUM`` should be
defined as 1 or 4 according to the size of a minimal enumeration type
such as ``enum { X=0 }``. An implementation
that conforms to the Arm ABI must reflect its choice in the
``Tag\_ABI\_enum\_size build`` attribute.

``wchar\_t`` may be 2 or 4 bytes. The
predefined macro
``\_\_ARM\_SIZEOF\_WCHAR\_T`` should be
defined as the same number. An implementation that conforms to the Arm
ABI must reflect its choice in the
``Tag\_ABI\_PCS\_wchar\_t`` build attribute.

## Predefined macros

Several predefined macros are defined. Generally these define features
of the Arm architecture being targeted, or how the C/C++ implementation
uses the architecture. These macros are detailed in
[sec-Feature-test-macros](#feature-test-macros). All ACLE predefined
macros start with the prefix ``\_\_ARM.``

## Intrinsics

ACLE standardizes intrinsics to access the Arm ® Neon ™ architecture
extension. These intrinsics are intended to be compatible with existing
implementations. Before using the Neon intrinsics or data types, the

> ``\<arm\_neon.h\>`` header must be included.

Reviewer: Here is an example that should be 
```suggestion
`<arm\_neon.h>` header must be included.
```
